## Project overview 

### What I Learned 
This project teaches student how to comprehend how to code, teaching skills in CSS and HTMl. I had never used CSS or HTML, so this was a very new experience to me. I learned how to animate, and make a working and usuable website. I learned how certain codes work and how to import them. It was difficult at first to understand the difference between using a svg compared to a png, but I can now confidently say I understand how to use them both when it comes to coding. 
### Problem solving and Accessability
The original style of my website consisted of dark pinks and light pinks. But out of consideration of readability, I decided to change the entire style of the website. Having a light card, and a dark background that way you are able to actually see everything going on. The dark background gave enough contrast to see the website even from far. 
### Feature, Fonts, and Design
My website contains a hover animation feature for the icons, if you hover ontop of the icons an animation takes place and you are able to see the name of the app as well. The font I used was Futura. I did a series of test using Baskerville, Impact, Futura, and countless more. I put the website up infront of groups of people and all of them had agreeded Futura was the best choice for readability. Design wise, I picked to do a darker background that way my card, and icons stood out the most, as that is what I wanted people to see. 
### Personal branding
As someone who does not very well know what they want to do just yet. Trying to make my personal branding was very difficult. I know what I want to do, and where I want to go, but how I want to promote myself and how I want my image to look is very difficult. I did not know if I wanted it to be cute or if I wanted it to be something more serious. I study Graphic Design, but I as well do Illustration, Painting and writing on my own. I wanted my business card to be only for my art so I stook with Illustration, painting, and Graphic design. I used pinks for the cute accent, and readability it fit best. I then on Procreate I drew a background for my website consisting of victorian style frames and a grandfather clock, and put my works of art in every frame. As my background would be a portfolio sneak peak. I tried importing the icons, but they were not standing out so I made animated icons for them because I felt like it would stand out more and be better for readability. The goal was to represent myself as playful, and serious. 